Who are you? I don't need anyone's help, but you have a pretty face, maybe you come
to sleep with me tonight. What a foul mouth you have. I think you deserve to get beaten
up. That man is not someone you should be messing with. I am waiting for you to kneel
down and beg for my help. Your dreams.
I'm gone. I'm dead.
Come here. The bastard left you his enters. Give it to me now.
You and your sister, one is infertile and the one who gave birth to the kid is
begging to marry me. Who is that man? Why did you say those things?
I want to come down. How can I? Did Emma really spend six years with them?
And he said, which one of you can have children? And who begs to marry him?
What does that mean? I don't understand. Owen, I am your Emma. Fine. No more lies.